docs: document major/minor tagging (#121)
google-github-actions/release-please-action: README.md

> So that you can keep 2FA enabled for npm publications, we recommend setting
`registry-url` to your own [Wombat Dressing Room](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/wombat-dressing-room) deployment.

## Creating major/minor tags

If you are using release-please to publish a GitHub acton, you will
likely want to tag a major and minor tag during a release, i.e., if you

> are releasing `v2.8.3`, you will also tag `v2` nd `v2.8`. This allows your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are releasing `v2.8.3`, you will also want to update tags `v2` and `v2.8`. This allows your
```

users to pin to `v2`, and get updates to your library without updating their
workflows.

The `release-please-action` has the outputs `major`, `minor`, and

> `release_created` to facilitate this. These outputs can bey used conditionally,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`release_created` to facilitate this. These outputs can be used conditionally,
```

like so:

```yaml
on:
  push:
    branches:
      - main
name: release-please
jobs:
  release-please:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: GoogleCloudPlatform/release-please-action@v2
        id: release
        with:
          token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          release-type: node
          package-name: ${{env.ACTION_NAME}}
          command: github-release
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2

>       - name: tag major and patch versions
>         run: |
>           git config user.name github-actions[bot]
>           git config user.email 41898282+github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com
>           git remote add gh-token "https://${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN}}@github.com/google-github-actions/release-please-action.git"
>           git tag -d v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }} || true
>           git tag -d v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }}.${{ steps.release.outputs.minor }} || true
>           git push origin :v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }} || true
>           git push origin :v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }}.${{ steps.release.outputs.minor }} || true
>           git tag -a v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }} -m "Release v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }}"
>           git tag -a v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }}.${{ steps.release.outputs.minor }} -m "Release v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }}.${{ steps.release.outputs.minor }}"
>           git push origin v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }}
>           git push origin v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }}.${{ steps.release.outputs.minor }}
>         if: ${{ steps.release.outputs.release_created }}

Author: ```suggestion
      - name: tag major and patch versions
         if: ${{ steps.release.outputs.release_created }}
         run: |
           git config user.name github-actions[bot]
           git config user.email 41898282+github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com
           git remote add gh-token "https://${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN}}@github.com/google-github-actions/release-please-action.git"
           git tag -d v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }} || true
           git tag -d v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }}.${{ steps.release.outputs.minor }} || true
           git push origin :v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }} || true
           git push origin :v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }}.${{ steps.release.outputs.minor }} || true
           git tag -a v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }} -m "Release v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }}"
           git tag -a v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }}.${{ steps.release.outputs.minor }} -m "Release v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }}.${{ steps.release.outputs.minor }}"
           git push origin v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }}
           git push origin v${{ steps.release.outputs.major }}.${{ steps.release.outputs.minor }}
```

>         if: ${{ steps.release.outputs.release_created }}

Reviewer: For readability it maybe better to move the conditional up
